[Dev] Migrated to Biome 2.2.3, added more rules (#6259)
pagefaultgames/pokerogue: docs/linting.md

# Using Biome

For the most part, Biome attempts to stay "out of your hair", letting you write code while enforcing a consistent formatting standard and only notifying for errors it can't automatically fix. \
On the other hand, if Biome complains about a piece of code, **there's probably a good reason why**. Disable comments should be used sparingly or when readabilty demands it - your first instinct should be to fix the code in question, not disable the rule.

## Editor Integration
Biome has integration with many popular code editors. See [these](https://biomejs.dev/guides/editors/first-party-extensions/) [pages](https://biomejs.dev/guides/editors/third-party-extensions/) for information about enabling Biome in your editor of choice.

## Automated Runs
Generally speaking, most users shouldn't need to run Biome directly; in addition to editor integration, a [pre-commit hook](../lefthook.yml) will periodically run Biome before each commit on any changed files.

> ![WARNING]
> You will **not** be able to commit code if any staged files contain `error`-level linting problems. \
> If you, for whatever reason, _absolutely need_ to bypass Lefthook for a given commit,

> > `LEFTHOOK=0 git commit` will skip running all pre-commit hooks during the commit process.

Reviewer: This does not work on Windows native. They'd need to use `git commit --no-verify ...` instead.

- `--write` will cause Biome to write all "safe" fixes and formatting changes directly to your files (rather than just complaining and erroring out).
- `--changed` and `--staged` will limit checking to all changed or staged files respectively. Biome sources this info from the relevant version control system (in this case `git`).
- `diagnostic-level=XXX` will only show diagnostics with at least the given severity level (`info/warn/error`). Useful to only focus on errors causing a failed workflow run or similar.

## Linting Rules

We primarily use Biome's [recommended ruleset](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/) for linting JS/TS files, with some customizations to better suit our project's needs[^1].

Some things to consider:

- We have disabled rules that prioritize style over performance, such as `useTemplate`.
- Some rules are currently marked as warnings (`warn`) to allow for gradual refactoring without blocking development. **Do not write new code that triggers these rules!**
- The linter is configured to ignore specific files and folders (such as excessively large files or ones in need of refactoring) to improve performance and focus on actionable areas.

> Any questions about linting rules can be brought up in the `#dev-corner` channel in the communityDiscord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any questions about linting rules can be brought up in the `#dev-corner` channel in the community Discord.
```
